♪The whole world is lit up♪
♪Because you exist♪
♪You're always♪
♪Somewhere close, flying with me♪
♪Go to where the wind blows♪
♪Hold tight♪
♪To the ray of light that belongs to us♪
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 18=
The arrangements
for the auction are almost done.
Please rest assured, Ms. Xu.
Not bad.
I haven't misjudged you.
But there's one more thing
I want to ask you, Ms. Xu.
For this auction,
Mu Zhiyu is personally in charge.
To stabilize your position in the group,
I can use some methods
to make her leave Mu Group.
Now I'm just hoping
you two will get married soon
so you can inherit the estate smoothly.
Then, you'll take
advantage of the situation
and snatch the inheritance
that Mu Zhiyu receives from her.
You should focus your mind
on getting married and having kids.
(Success is near,
I cannot let my guard down.)
(Back then, I swapped
Shen Yi and Mu Chenzhou's son.)
(If Shen Yi hadn't kept calling,
saying she missed her daughter,)
(I wouldn't have had
to force them to go abroad.)
(This is great.)
(One died of depression,)
(and the other died a violent death
on the streets fighting.)
(Now, everyone in the way is dead.)
(There are no more worries.)
(Jibai, I have a plan next.)
(It might be a little hard on you.)
Shen Jibai,
you really have been
lying to me all along.
Is there some kind of misunderstanding?
Misunderstanding?
I always thought
you truly wanted
to help me and cooperate with me.
Actually, you've been
acting this whole time, right?
From beginning to end,
it's been a scam
between you and Xu Mingzhu.
I...
The goal was to seize Mu Group.
And I...
I'm nothing but a pawn you used.
I always thought
you were someone worthy of my trust.
But I didn't know
the result would be the same.
Shen Jibai,
you keep telling me
about your sincerity,
but the fact is,
I don't know you at all.
A relationship
requires respect and trust.
But did you do that?
Zhiyu, just give me a little more time.
I will definitely
explain everything to you.
Explain?
You told me long ago
that you'd explain
everything clearly to me.
And now?
Have you explained?
I don't want to wait anymore.
It doesn't matter now.
At tomorrow's engagement ceremony,
I will choose
an engagement partner
who is worthy of my trust.
Don't worry.
I won't let your conspiracy succeed.
Don't be nervous.
It's just for show.
I know.
It's fake, we're acting.
But the more realistic the acting,
the better the effect, right?
(This darn girl.)
(I don't know what's gotten into her.)
(Suddenly giving up on Shen Jibai)
(and turning around
to get together with He Min.)
(That's fine, too.)
(He Min is easier to control
than Shen Jibai.)
(Wait until I get the inheritance
and take over the company.)
(Then you fake couple)
(can both get out
of the Mu family together.)
Friends and family,
good morning everyone.
The engagement ceremony begins now.
Next, please welcome
our two newcomers to the stage.
Good.
That's great. Really great.
Wait!
Shen Jibai.
Hey!
Shen Jibai, you!
Shen Jibai.
Shen Jibai, what on earth are you doing?
Are you really going
to get engaged to He Min?
What if I am?
♪There is a void in my chest♪
♪Your freedom♪
♪Has become my prison♪
♪My hand brushed across the smile
on the photo♪
Shen Jibai,
what exactly do you want?
Didn't you tell me
that love
requires respect and trust?
♪You told me♪
It was I who failed to do that.
But I promise you,
from now on,
I will let you know more about me
and give you
a sufficient sense of trust.
Do the things you were hiding from me
have something to do with your mom?
♪When I look up at the distant stars♪
♪Everything is hazy♪
What clues did you find?
Your mother, Shen Yi,
once worked as a caregiver
when my grandfather was sick,
right up until he passed away.
That jade pendant
was also taken by your mother.
- I think...
- Shen Jibai,
respect and trust
are mutual.
I trust you,
and you must trust me, too.
I know.
The reason you're still
by Xu Mingzhu's side
is that
you're afraid she'll do something to me.
You want to protect me.
But now,
we must tear off her mask.
So, you got engaged to He Min
just to make Xu Mingzhu
think we've fallen out,
sabotage her plans,
and force her to show her true colors?
Only when people are desperate
will they risk everything.
We must use this
to make Xu Mingzhu
expose her own conspiracy.
Actually, I also have a plan
to expose Xu Mingzhu
and get her out of the Mu family sooner.
Ms. Xu,
when exactly is this
opening ceremony starting?
We're all still waiting to see the concept art for
"Changing Mountains and Rivers".
Please be patient.
As soon as we're ready,
we will begin immediately.
- Just wait a little longer.
- It's been so long.
Yeah.
(The Mu Group will soon be mine.)
(Nothing must go wrong.)
With Hong's exclusive auction
approaching,
a large number of
counterfeit paintings
have been discovered.
Look at the news.
Something happened to Hong.
(The plan has begun.)
Regarding the news that Mr. Hong's works
have been maliciously forged
and that fakes have entered the market,
our studio is currently investigating
and will hand it over to the court soon.
(I hope this takes down Xu Mingzhu.)
We have only
collaborated with the Mu Group.
(How could this happen?)
(Who is behind this?)
The works only passed
through us and the Mu Group.
So during the investigation,
we have decided
to suspend all cooperation
with the Mu Group.
- What about the paintings?
- Exactly!
(This is bad.)
(If negative news hits the auction,)
(it's not just
the Mu Group's reputation.)
(If their marriage falls through,)
(the inheritance conditions
won't be met,)
(and all my plans will be wasted.)
Who is making these fakes?
Seriously!
My guests,
I am Xu Mingzhu,
Acting President of Mu Group.
I would like
to apologize to everyone here.
Regarding Hong's works,
the Mu Group will actively cooperate.
We will give you an explanation soon.
I hereby
solemnly state on behalf of the Mu Group
that we will strictly investigate
all personnel involved in this auction
to find the black sheep
trying to damage
the Mu Group's reputation.
Wait.
♪Light comes beaming in♪
♪Landing on my skin♪
♪Warms the space you left behind♪
♪Shadows move around♪
♪Awake, racing thoughts♪
♪Try to keep the memories safe♪
♪Don't slip away♪
♪I'm all yours, all yours♪